# blank-drr-base-model
a Blank repository template which could be used to create new model which are based on DRR Model


## Overview

Currently, report and projection tests have their pipeline IDs commented out. This is because no test packs specific to Monopoly have been generated.
To generate test packs please add inputs to the following path:

    - rosetta-source/main/resources

Providing inputs in rosetta-source/main/resources for trade/valuation/margin in enrich directory. An example file for trade has been provided.
Then run the test pack creator. These will generate the required test packs for the tests to run. After this you can uncomment the pipeline IDs in the tests.


## How to release a new version of the 'BLANK' Project

1. Go to the [releases](https://github.com/rosetta-models/blank/releases) page.
2. Click on `Draft a new release`.
3. Make sure the target branch is `master`.
4. In the `Select Tag` box, the latest version will be the top.
5. Increment that [semantic version](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) and enter in the `Select Tag` box and click `Create new tag`.
6. Click on `Generate release notes`. This will generate the title and changelog based on the commits since the last release.
7. The generated release notes will have links to the Pull Requests that were merged since the last release.
8. For each PR generated by Rosetta, there will be a release note as a comment of the PR. Replace each PR link with PR Release Notes.
9. Click Publish release.
10. The release will trigger a build in the CI/CD pipeline.
11. The build will publish the new version of the `BLANK` Project to the Artifact Registry.
12. The release will also trigger a notification email to the project maintainers.
